Arjen Brenders, T.B.S.R.M.V.d.V.S.D., Vasopressor treatment of anesthesia-induced hypotension in pregnant women: a systematic review (and meta-analysis) of the effects on uterine hemodynamics.

Alexandre Moreira de Almeida, M.S.R.T.R., use of nanoparticles in the treatment of prostate cancer: systematic review.

Emanuele Chisari, K.Y.W.K., TNF-alpha inhibition effects on Cartilage: a systematic review.

Yarlla Loyane Lira Braga, J.R.D.C.N.J.R.M.e.S., The influence of IL-11 on cardiac fibrosis: a systematic review.

Brendan Gillespie, R.H., The Impact of Maternal Immune Activation on GABAergic Interneuron Development: A Systematic Review of Rodent Studies.

Austin Parish, W.S., The effect of metformin on the lifespan of two model organisms: a systematic review and meta-analysis.

Noa Reuveni, C.C.S.F., The Effect of Cannabinoids on Stress-Coping Behaviors and Neuroendocrinological Measures in Chronic Stress: A Preclinical Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.

Courtney Thompson, J.M.P.P., Systematic review to determine the chemical space of existing physiologically-based kinetic (PBK) models.

Frederique Struijs, M.B.C.H.P.S., Systematic review to assess the available evidence for adverse effects to isoflurane exposure in animal studies.

Tamires Martins, G.A.M.L.E.B.d.V.C.B.C.L.d.O., Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis: Efficacy of 21 antidepressants in predictive tests of antidepressant action in stressed rodents.

Alex Websdale, R.M.X.C.R.W.J.T., Systematic review and meta-analysis of sterol esterification and sulfation in cancer risk and progression in pre-clinical animal models.

Corey A. Calhoun, E.D.V.L.S.T.D., Sex differences in adolescent rodent models of psychostimulant addiction: A systematic review and meta-analysis.

Jaafaru Sani Mohammed, H.Y.S.A.A.A.F.A.R.H.u.Y.B., Role of Sulforaphane in in vivo model of Alzheimer&#39;s disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.

Ming-Li Sun, W.C.X.-H.W., Protective Effects of Metformin Against Doxorubicin Cardiotoxicity: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Animal studies.

Tse-Yi Li, P.S.A.Y.N.G., Investigating the role of the 5-HT7 Receptor in mood Disorders: A Systematic Review.

Olivia Haller, A.W.R.G.I.S.L.C.-P., Investigating the effects of anti-inflammatory agents in pre-clinical models of chemotherapy-induced cognitive impairment – a systematic review.

Carolina Vaccari, D.G.T.d.V.P.J.L.V.d.C.L.C.L., GLP-1 and GIP receptor agonists in the treatment of Parkinson&#39;s disease: Translational systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical and preclinical studies.

Meggan Drennan, H.K.E.H., Effects of CB1 and CB2 receptor activity on alcohol craving and withdrawal.

Elizabeth Torres-Arce, A.B.-N.O.D.L.-C.B.V.A.S.-H., Effects of antioxidant use in oxidative stress caused by methotrexate usage in animal models and implications in fertility parameters: a systematic review.

Syed Obaidur Rahman, S.H.A.K.N.S.K., Effect of statins on Alzheimer’s disease models: A systematic review and meta-analysis.

Saima Zameer, A.K.N.M.A.S.O.R.S.H., Effect of antidiabetic drugs on amyloidosis and cognitive functions in animal models of Alzheimer’s disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.

Marcela Gobbo, M.B.W.Y.L.A.K.C., Dysbiosis caused by antibiotic therapy and its relationship with autoimmune diseases. A systematic review of preclinical evidence.

Thayná Marinho dos Santos, A.E.L.S.R.d.O.G., Blood Pressure Effects In Male And Female Rats Due To Antidepressant Use: A Systematic Review And Meta-Analysis.

Ariandra Sartim, V.B.S.J.C.d.O.R.A.K.S., Antidepressant-like effects of Cannabidiol: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of animal studies.

Fabiola Eckert, F.T.J.C.C.L.d.O., Antidepressant treatment and behavior responses in Drosophila melanogaster: a systematic review and metanalysis.

Tamires Martins, A.B.R.H.M.A.P.C.L.d.O., An updated protocol for the systematic review and meta-analysis of data from animal studies employing the forced swimming test.

Xue Ying Zhang, N.S.A.S.C.R.E.S.J.V., A systematic review and meta-analysis of thigmotactic behaviour in the open field test in rodent models associated with persistent pain.

Xue Ying Zhang, A.B.N.S.A.S.C.R.A.-M.H.E.S., A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies in which burrowing behaviour was assessed in rodent models of persistent pain.

Xue Ying Zhang, N.S.A.S.C.R.E.S., A protocol for the systematic review and meta-analysis of studies in which burrowing behaviour was assessed in rodent models of persistent pain.

Jucilene Freitas dos Santos, I.R.R.B.I.S.d.M.N.B.B.L.A.d.A.O.C. "Psychoactive drugs and the underlying mechanisms that affect the normal development of Drosophila melanogaster: A Systematic Review and meta-analysis"

Carlo Andrea Cossu, R.C.R.B.H.v.H., A systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the significance of microbial infections in zebra.

Sandra Maniam, R.H.N.H.M.N., Systematic Review: The effect of e-cigarette on body weight.
